>> Speaker 1: Drew is asking for
another audit on a site.
If you could just pop into
the chat room for a sec.
Sweet, good typing.
>> Jon Kuperman: Thank you.
Cool.
So, I'll start with a regular one.
Looks pretty good so far.
We've got two media controls.
These are buttons that don't have labels.
I'm not even sure where they are.
They're way up here somewhere.
Cool, so you have this close button,
and this search button,
could just have a label, even if you just
visually hide it to say search and close.
You could also get fancier,
I guess it doesn't need to.
You could put a description
on it if you want.
Text elements without a contrast ratio.
Yeah, so this grey on white looks
to be a little bit problematic.
>> Speaker 3: I was gonna
ask you about that one.
Cuz I coded that.
>> Jon Kuperman: [LAUGH] That's my signer
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH] But so
that one always gets flagged.
What it is, if you actual do
the values it's 70 70 70 over white.
So what's happening is it's absolute
positioned over a white border.
So technically, it's accessible
from a contrast ratio standpoint.
But, because of how it's read in the DOM,
it's reading that background color.
>> Jon Kuperman: I see.
>> Speaker 3: Which is the, I don't know,
fours.
And so
it's reading the sevens over the fours
instead of the sevens
over the actual border.
>> Jon Kuperman: Gotcha.
>> Jack: Yeah,
I've definitely found that you've really,
you have to take these accessibility
checkers with a certain
grain of salt because they only just kind
of take what they can see on the page.
Which just doesn't always
tell the whole story.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
they're programmatically figured out.
Like, these aren't users so
yeah, I think you're fine, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So, how would you.
So like, legally we have an obligation
to meet certain standards and
we've got those cataloged.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yep.
>> Speaker 3: But, if something like that
were to come up in flagged,
how would you go through
the legalities of actually demonstrating
that you are actually passing what you-
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I mean,
Jack if you have insight on more
of the kinda legal side of things.
I don't have a ton there.
>> Jack: Well, I'll just speak to,
for example, when I used to work for
Starbucks and
we would occasionally have concerns or
even suits brought by customers
about the accessibility of the site.
And there were times where I would
basically have to like Report as
portions of the side, and where there
were issues for example on the case
that you are talking like with
the search icon or the car contrast.
The person that was reported and
probably was using one of this poles
>> Jon Kuperman: Right.
>> Jack: Was erroneously recording the
error, and so it was basically documenting
like this is actually what is the case
even though this checker says one thing.
This is the reality and
you just have to be able to provide that.
>> Jon Kuperman: So theoretically,
he would be fine because the contrast is
fine even if the tool reports otherwise.
Also the tools are open source
it might be worth popping
in something under the chrome project
on get hub and being like hey,
my son always gets dinged with this, but
it's not here's what's really happening.
Cuz they might be able to work around it,
but I do agree.
And when I teach the web
performance classes the same thing.
You gotta take it with a grain of salt,
cuz it's just analyzing some code and
trying to figure things out.
So yeah, it sounds like you would be
fine on that cuz you're able to prove.
>> Speaker 5: Can I have you
tab down through the page.
>> Jon Kuperman: On this one?
>> Speaker 5: You'll see
shown to today's classes.
>> Speaker 5: So notice how it
scrolled to the beginning of the day,
which isn't necessarily what we want.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: So
would the best thing to do is to re-hidden
all the things that aren't in view?
>> Jon Kuperman: Well,
I mean a couple of different things.
One thing, I mean so you might just
wanna be more specific with on the tab,
you can do a key download scenario and
if on tab in the act development is
the one that's about to go into that area,
you could then have full control
over what focuses on next.
Like you could focus on little.
>> Speaker 5: Is that a good idea though?
To only, to mirror what is visually there?
>> Jon Kuperman: It might be, so
that's like the tricky thing.
So think of,
because you're appealing to both.
Non-sighted users, for
which that won't be so
much of a problem, cuz they'll be like
today's schedule, 6 AM, 7 AM, right?
But what about sighted users who
are using keyboard only, then it
does look like a problem because it
scrolls really really fast out of the way.
Again, it's a little bit subjective.
>> Speaker 5: And if you keep tabbing
it'll actually break the nav.
Like there it just went away?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: [LAUGH] Cuz Chrome is trying
to be helpful by keeping it in view,
but yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, definitely I
would look into the tab disappearing.
But it's a little bit subjective on
which one it should focus on first.
Because yeah, I don't know.
Like it's I would probably put
a tab listener in there and
replicate the visual experience.
Because you already kind of know,
it looks like you're looking at what time
it is to get the next class or whatever.
I would probably have like a listener and
if you're on that thing,
if that's the active element, you hit tab,
focus on the first one in view,
not the first one in the list.
That might be the approach I'd take.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 6: I was just checking
out that Starbucks site, and
I tried it in Firefox and it didn't,
the tab, the skipped navigation stuff,
in fact it just didn't work well.
I tried it in Safari.
It didn't work well either.
So, it makes you wonder.
Is that, I mean, their implementations or
what is going on there?
>> Jon Kuperman: I don't know,
it might be-
>> Speaker 6: It could be, and
same with New York Times.
New York Times-
>> Jon Kuperman: The skip link issue?
>> Speaker 6: The skip link stuff.
I mean, Chrome is nice.
You get the nice highlight
of the elements.
>> Jack: There are definitely
cross-browser issues,
depending upon whether you're implementing
something like that through CSS or
JavaScript, for example,
like his example earlier.
So that's an, what I would say that,
that is an opportunity to
try different solutions and see which
one's gonna be the most compatible.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, it definitely is
some kind of implementation thing though.
Yeah I'd be interested to see what's
the current approach of doing, and
maybe figuring out, there's a bug.
There's some cross browser thing
that you can, I'm sure find here.
But I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 6: But the question is
whether it's a bug on the site or
is it a bug in the browser.
>> Jack: Right, exactly.
>> Jon Kuperman: That is the question.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: But
the answer is always you're gonna
have to do more work as a developer.
[LAUGH] But yeah,
I'm not sure with this specific one.
But it would be something
good to look into.
I'm a little bit wondering if If my cheap
little CSS skip link works in here or not.
This is the wrong branch.
Yeah it's interesting, and it gets even
more interesting when you're dealing with
discrepancies between screen readers,
sometimes where it's like
>> Jon Kuperman: Nope,
yeah mine doesn't work on here either.
Looks like Safari is really particular.
If you notice, Safari isn't even
letting me tab through my navigation.
Safari's only giving me my,
the URL bar and then my form.
>> Speaker 5: Did you turn on that option?
>> Jon Kuperman: That's
what I was just wondering.
I wonder if this was tied to the,
like, preferences keyboard, you know,
something in there.
I don't remember exactly,
it was like at the beginning of our.
>> Speaker 5: Shortcuts.
>> Jack: It's the third option.
Is that-
>> Speaker 5: All controls.
The bottom.
>> Jon Kuperman: Oops.
>> Speaker 5: Very bottom.
>> Jack: There you go.
>> Jon Kuperman: Nice.
>> Speaker 5: And then there's
a setting in Safari itself too.
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> Jon Kuperman: Here we go, okay, cool.
>> Speaker 8: Now you can
get to your buttons, yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: But,
I still don't have my skip line.
>> Speaker 5: Either.
>> Jon Kuperman: And still not the nav.
>> Speaker 8: And not your check,
I think check box is there for a second.
>> Jon Kuperman: Check box is,
yeah, this is, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I'm sorry,
go to the Safari preferences because there
is an additional Safari preferences.
I think, it's under advanced, I think.
Press tab key to highlight
each item on a webpage.
>> Jon Kuperman: Boom, okay,
that's the Starbucks now.
>> Speaker 3: So, that's the problem
with Safari, in particular,
is that they have a second
layer of preference.
>> Jon Kuperman: So, in order to get
Safari working, you gotta turn on your
system preferences, then your Safari
preferences, both for tabbing through.
But they do work now and I'd have to
look into Firefox about something,
although I wonder if the system
setting would be enough too.
I don't think I have
Firefox installed on here.
But yeah, it's interesting,
really interesting, bummer, kind of.